[6.3.1] Changed exercise from Docker Hub to GHCR (#666)
liatrio/devops-bootcamp: docs/5-software-development-practices/5.5.6-sonarqube.md

Here we will setup a new SonarQube server to store and review results of scans.

1. Create a new virtual host and expose port 9000.

> 2. Install SonarQube [Installation Instructions](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube-server/10.8/setup-and-upgrade/install-the-server/introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install SonarQube [Installation Instructions](https://docs.sonarsource.com/sonarqube-server/latest/setup-and-upgrade/install-the-server/introduction/).
```

I prefer to have a link to `latest` over a specific version
